Review controls. (#664)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/datagrid-busy-indicator-color.md

---
title: Change the BusyIndicator color in the DataGrid control.

> description: This article shows how to change the BusyIndicator color and animation, when DataGrid IsBusy property is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article shows how to change the BusyIndicator color and animation when the DataGrid's IsBusy property is set to true.
```

type: how-to
page_title: Change the BusyIndicator color and animation in the DataGrid control.
slug: datagrid-busyindicator-color
position: 
tags: datagrid, busyindicator, color, animation 
ticketid: 1608647
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product Version</td>
            <td>6.1.0</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>DataGrid for MAUI</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

This article shows how to change the BusyIndicator color and animation, when DataGrid `IsBusy` property is true.

## Solution 

> 

Reviewer: I guess you will add the content later?
